# Application_City

This project contains the files for a gamified VR-application in a virtual city. It was developed for the 2023/24 study "In Rod we Trust. The evaluation of virtual Rod and Frame Test as a cybersickness screening instrument" by J. Josupeit.

## Application 
“City.exe” runs the program for the virtual city environment. Participants can freely explore the environment by pressing the middle of the trackpad on the controller with their thumb. The camera will accelerate linearly up to a consistent movement speed of 7 fps (2.1336 m/s). For a gamified task, the participants can collect glowing green checkpoints by moving through them. 

After opening the application, the menu shows a text bar to insert the participant number. Press “Enter” on the numbpad to close the menu and start recording. End the application by right clicking the mouse or by closing the window with the cursor. Closing the application saves the recorded data automatically in a separately created folder.
The recorded time stamps follow the format yy/MM/dd HH:mm:ss:fffff.

“City.exe” should open in Windows, Linux, MacOS, indiscriminately. 
This project was built for the HTC Vive and the key commands only have bindings to the Vive controllers. The application should work independently from the hardware, but other HMDs may have limited functionality. Oculus devices should have full visuals, but no controller connection.

## File Management
The first files in this project are the "City.exe" application, the key and controller bindings, and the Unity player and crash handler. Additionally, this project also includes two folders:

- “City_Data” contains the game managing files, the default and custom built-in Unity resources, plugins, as well as global game manager, resources and shared assets. The sub-folder "Managed" contains the dll-files for the application
- "MonoBleedingEdge" contains autogenerated information by Unity

### Supplementary
The Unity game engine version is v2019.1.11f1. Steam VR Assets of the Winridge City Assets were used (version 2.3.2) and enhanced with custom-designed features. The custom assets were created using Blender version 2.90. The application was originally run with a Windows 10 (64 bit) computer, NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2070 GPU and Intel Core i7-9700K processor. 

Read more on the programming and the custom designs of the virtual city at github.com/JudiJ/City_Project
